The data display is the default display in many standard Google Analytics reports.
The data is shown in a table and grouped by primary dimension.
You can isolate the data by metric group in this report.
Let's say you want to know the number of visitors you had to your site,
and the number of purchases that took place during the selected time period.
Looking at the channels report,
you'll see there are metrics in the table for acquisition behavior and conversion.
This is great information,
but we can reduce the noise in this report a bit.
The question word discussing is about purchases on the site.
So, you can select the Ecommerce metric group in
the Explorer tab to focus on Ecommerce metrics.
Now, it's easier to see that the channel
associated with the most transactions is the referral channel.
The primary dimension in the report is the default channel grouping.
You cannot change the primary dimension to
source to see transactions displayed by source.
Now, you can see the number of transactions and
the exact referral source associated with the transactions.
To sort the number of transactions from high to low,
click on the Transaction column.
If you want to search for a particular source,
you can use the search box to type in that value.
There's also an advanced search feature that allows you to define a more granular search.
One unique feature of the data display is a dimension metric pop-up.
Hover over the question mark icon in
a column label to see a definition of that metric or dimension.
This feature helps you understand precisely how
each metric and dimension is defined in Google Analytics.
Learning these definitions will help you understand the data,
and present it more effectively.